Ha ha.
Nono
For the first time in my life
It is also the only desire to go alone
Desire to give you love
Longing to have you
Desire for results
I beg you
Marry Me
I offer my life's loyalty and love
Let you be the past in my world
Good my queen
Please help me put on the ring
Wait for me.
I will be with you in my next life
Congratulations to the host for successfully completing another task
The task rating is based on the protection mechanism
We will clear your previous task
90% of the world's memory
Wow
Xi'an is so beautiful.
Who is that old man?
Master Su, we are about to start the next mission.
It's a world on fire
Dashuai Mansion in Yunmu Province
That's where you're going this time.
Yo
I can't be that aunt, can I?
No no no this time the extension of the host
It's a country woman who was abandoned by the male protagonist
But you did the wrong job
It's to make the handsome brother of the male protagonist fall in love with you
Am I going to be so exciting?